Create Glossary stubs S (#3897)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Silence/en.md

---
stub: true
---

# Silence

A user that is **silenced** is limited in the things they were able to do. **Silences** can be placed by members of the [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) and [Nomination Assessment Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/7)

## Limitations

- Cannot edit userpage
- Cannot change avatar/profile details <!-- unconfirmed on new site, but was a thing on old -->
- Cannot submit beatmaps

> - Won't be able to send/recieve private messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Won't be able to send/receive private messages
```
fix typo

# Silence

**Silence** is a term used to describe the punishment of limiting a user's means of communication within the osu! community. Silences can be placed by members of the [Global Moderation Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/4) and [Nomination Assessment Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/7), and are only placed on users that have broken the [Community Rules](/wiki/Rules).

## Limitations

Users who are silenced by moderators cannot do the following:

- Edit their userpage
- Change their avatar/profile details <!-- unconfirmed on new site, but was a thing on old -->
- Submit [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmaps)
- Send/receive private messages
- Post on any of the osu! forums

## Common reasons for silences

*Caution: engaging in "inappropriate behaviour" in private messages is not against the rules, unless said inappropriate behaviour is being delivered to unwilling or unconsenting recipients in said private messages. If reported, appropriate punishments will be placed.*

> - Inappropriate behaviour in public chats or forums (including #multiplayer, beatmaps threads, discussions and comments), including—but not limited to—spamming, nonsense chat, racism, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Inappropriate behaviour in public chats or forums (e.g, #multiplayer, beatmap threads, comments, etc.), including—but not limited to—spamming, nonsense chat, racism, etc.
```
